>>REPORTER: Stargazing
is not only a way
to understand where we
are in the universe.
For Gaiam TV's Regina
Meredith, astrology
is providing new and
exciting insights
on where the universe is headed.
>>REGINA MEREDITH:
I'm not an astrologer,
but I've learned to have
some respect for the art.
It started many years
ago when a friend
of mine who was a high
profile astrologer said,
whenever things were falling
apart in my life and everyone
around, watch out for
mercury in retrograde,
which is a time that you
don't want to make mistakes.
You don't want to sign
contracts because you're
kind of stuck with them.
Well, that is part of a
larger theme going on.
Carl, on YouTube, is telling us
that the next couple of months
are going to be extremely
pressure-filled for all of us.
We're talking about a period
of time he's never seen before,
and it happens to coincide with
what is being called "the birth
canal of the Mayan calendar."
The two are overlaying
each other perfectly.
A lot of pressure, a
lot of change coming up,
and it's putting pressure on us
to make decisions at this time.
But because of the influences,
we can't make them emotionally.
We need to be very logical,
we need to be cool and clear,
and understand that
we're going to be
living with it for a long time.
The decisions we
make now are going
to have permanent consequences.
So listen up to the astrology.
It sounds like it's time to
make really wise decisions.